Deployment update UX changes (#2720)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-worker-queues.md

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.

2. Click the **Options** menu of the Deployment you want to update, and select **Edit Deployment**.

    ![Edit Deployment in options menu](/img/docs/edit-deployment.png)

3. In the **Execution** section, configure the worker queue’s settings:

>     * Edit the **Worker Type**, **Concurrency**, or **Min # Workers / Max # Workers** of an existing queue. You can't change the name of a worker queue after you create it.
>     
>     * Click **Add Queue** to create a new worker queue, and then configure its related attributes.

Author: @lzdanski should these be numbered too?
```suggestion
4. * Edit the **Worker Type**, **Concurrency**, or **Min # Workers / Max # Workers** of an existing queue. You can't change the name of a worker queue after you create it.
    
5. * Click **Add Queue** to create a new worker queue, and then configure its related attributes.
```

Reviewer: Hm let me tweak a little bit, but basically this section used to _only_ be for creating new worker queues. Now we can both create and update them

Reviewer: Sorry the end result is no, those should not be numbered. they are the two options you have at that point: create a new queue or edit the existing one.

> 3. In the **Execution** section, configure the worker queue’s settings:
> 
>     * Edit the **Worker Type**, **Concurrency**, or **Min # Workers / Max # Workers** of an existing queue. You can't change the name of a worker queue after you create it.
>     
>     * Click **Add Queue** to create a new worker queue, and then configure its related attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Execution** section, you can create new queues and  update existing queues:

    * **Create a new queue**: Click **Add Queue** to create a new worker queue, and then configure its related attributes.
    *  **Existing queues**: Edit the **Worker Type**, **Concurrency**, or **Min # Workers / Max # Workers** of an existing queue. Note that you can't change the name of a worker queue after you create it.
    
```

All scheduled tasks that are assigned to a worker queue after the worker queue is deleted remain in a `queued` state indefinitely and won't execute. To avoid stalled task runs, ensure that you reassign all tasks from a worker queue before deleting it. You can either remove the worker queue argument or assign the task to a different queue.

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Click the **Options** menu of the Deployment you want to update, and select **Edit Deployment**.

    ![Edit Deployment in options menu](/img/docs/edit-deployment.png)

> 3. Expand the **Execution** section if it is not already expanded.
> 4. Click **Remove queue** to delete the worker queue, and then click **Update Deployment**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Expand the **Execution** section if it is not already expanded.

4. Click **Remove queue** to delete the worker queue, and then click **Update Deployment**.
```
